Initial implementation of jammy base builder (#2)
paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-base: README.md

# Paketo Jammy Base Builder

## `paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-base`

This builder uses the [Paketo Jammy Base

> Stack](https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/jammy-base-stack) (Ubuntu Jammy
> Jellyfish build image, distroless-like run image) with buildpacks for Java,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stack](https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/jammy-base-stack) (Ubuntu Jammy
Jellyfish build and run images) with buildpacks for Java,
```

Java Native Image, Go, and Procfile.

To see which versions of build and run images, buildpacks, and the lifecycle
that are contained within a given builder version, see the
[Releases](https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/builder-jammy-base/releases) on this
repository. This information is also available in the `builder.toml`.

For more information about this builder and how to use it, visit the [Paketo
builder documentation](https://paketo.io/docs/builders/).  To learn about the
stack included in this builder, visit the [Paketo stack

> documentation](https://paketo.io/docs/stacks/) and the [Paketo Jammy Tiny Stack
> repo](https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/jammy-base-stack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation](https://paketo.io/docs/stacks/) and the [Paketo Jammy Base Stack
repo](https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/jammy-base-stack).
```
